fix(session-tracker): add session start for SDK start after didBecomeActive (#5121)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## Fixes

> - Fix auto-start for session tracker when SDK is started after app did become active (#5121)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix auto-start for session tracker when SDK is started after `appDidBecomeActive` notification was already posted (#5121)
```

> - Fix auto-start for session tracker when SDK is started after app did become active (#5121)

Author: I agree, I'll add a second changelog line
